nintendo making headlines again you know
this was a story that I wasn't going to
really talk about or anything but I've
seen it on more publications then I I
did with the story about them losing
almost half a billion dollars in losses
so more people are talking about this
story and a lot of people are giving
Nintendo a lot of Hell over it and so my
opinion and take on is kind of a little
bit different than what I've been seeing
out in the press so I did want to cover
it for you so here's what's going down
so Nintendo has a game coming out that's
already been released in Japan is called
Tomodachi life now this game is sort of
like a Sims type game so you're in this
world you're in this universe with other
people who are their little avatars that
they have over at Nintendo they're
called Me's so in this universe you can
walk around and you can interact with
people you can become friends have
relationships with them you can date
them and you can even marry people you
can at least marry them if they're of
the opposite sex so this cell was a game
again built and launched in japan and
it's now coming out in the states and in
the UK now before launch there has been
sort of a movement in order to get gay
marriage coded into this game so these
people want to be able to marry people
or maze of the same sex and be able to
play the game that way and so anyway
this has been a topic that has been
going on for about a month and today
Nintendo finally responded so here's
their response Nintendo never intended
to make any form of social commentary
with the launch of Tomodachi life the
relationship options in the game
represent a playful alternative world
rather than a real life simulation we
hope that all of our fans will see that
Tomodachi life was intended to be a
whimsical and quirky game
and that we were absolutely not trying
to provide social commentary the ability
for same-sex relationships to occur in
the game was not part of the original
game that lost in Japan and that game is
made up of the same code that was used
to localize it for the regions outside
of Japan so basically Nintendo saying no
we're not going to recode the game to
include gay marriage for the US and the
UK so a lot of people have come down
hard on Nintendo for this decision and
so anyway I wanted to kind of talk about
my thoughts and opinions on it so as far
as me personally I'm a freedom lover and
I've talked about that a lot on this
channel I want to be free I want you to
be free and freedom for me means the
ability to do with your body whatever
the hell you want to you know I don't
need a government bureaucracy to tell me
what I can and can't put in my body I
don't need them to tell me what I can
and can't do with a consensual adult you
know I think you have the right as a
human being to make those decisions on
your own and there may be consequences
for those decisions but I think you
should be able to make those decisions
so having said that I really have no
issues and all with gay marriage you
know I don't care why you put your dick
in two or what you rub your clit on
don't really care as long as you're not
infringing on my rights you're not
infringing on anybody else's rights as
long as it's between consensual adults
again I do not care I love freedom but
if you love freedom you also have to
love the ability to disagree to not go
along with the crowd that's screaming
the loudest tolerance is a two-way
street and so if Nintendo is creating a
kid friendly game and they don't want to
focus on sex and they don't want to
include gay marriage then I support them
one hundred percent if that's your
number one concern then there's games
out there where you can get married to a
gay person there's fable and sky room
and there's mass effect and
if you want to go create a Kickstarter
where you create a game that's got a gay
protagonist you can do that it's really
quite simple you don't like it you don't
buy it truth is this game isn't about
sex Nintendo doesn't want to make it
about sex and I don't blame them because
a lot of parents don't want their kids
having to deal with those types of
subjects at like six and eight years old
it's kind of bullshit I wouldn't want my
kids to be learning about sex in a video
game I would rather me teach them it's
the parents job it's not the video games
job it's teacher's job maybe if the
parents are doing it for me live and let
live that does it for me the red dragon
I'll see you next time thanks for
watching
you